=encoding UTF-8

=head1 ICTUM BOOTSWATCH THEME

This theme is heavily based on L<spacelab|http://bootswatch.com/spacelab/>.

=head2 Rationale

I created this so that I could have a customized version of Twitter Bootstrap,
using Font Awesome and maybe other tweakings (such as remove unnecessary js,
etc), and also customize the SpaceLab theme from @thomaspark. Currently, I only
increased the font size, and automated the build process, but there might be
other improvements over time.

=head2 Install

Like bootstrap, this theme requires: recess, connect, uglify.js, and jshint.

    $ npm install recess connect uglify-js jshint -g

Then, simply run make.

=head2 Disclaimer

This theme is created for a specific application, and may or may not suit your
needs. I probably won't make very generally useful code here. I'm making it
available in case it might help others.

=head2 Credits

Special thanks to:

=over 4

=item * @thomaspark for Bootswatch.

=item * @markdotto and @fat for Twitter Bootstrap.

=back

=head2 Copyright and License

Copyright 2012 André Walker.

Licensed under the Apache License, Version 2.0 (the "License"); you may not use
this work except in compliance with the License. You may obtain a copy of the
License in the LICENSE file, or at:

http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software distributed
under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT WARRANTIES OR
CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the License for the
specific language governing permissions and limitations under the License.
